think about how music is weird music is
weird from the time we're born
parents sing these wild lullabies to
their kids here listen the words to some
of these songs no wonder we're out of
our mind heard of rock-a-bye baby listen
the worst of that rock-a-bye baby on the
treetop does that that weird anybody out
here are you guys the babies in a tree
it doesn't bother you when the wind
blows the cradle will rock when the
bough breaks the cradle will fall and
down will come baby weight or control
need to call Child Protective Services
on these parents leaving their baby in a
sticky tree a afford a babysitter don't
put them in a tree remember hush little
baby you're listening that Isis little
baby don't say a word Mama's gonna buy
you a mockingbird
are you theory if I shut up I get a bird
is that what you're sayin
[Laughter]
the wrong the Fed Mockingbird don't sing
I was gonna buy you a diamond ring let
me get this one straight here if I kill
the bird I get bling-bling is that what
you're saying
just want to get this straight do that
right now if that diamond ring turns
brass Mama's gonna buy you a looking
glass
if Looking Glass gets broke Mama's gonna
buy you a billy goat so we're in
Kentucky now is that what the problem is
see where's the dad chiming in hush
little baby don't you see mom's gonna
need a little therapy
[Laughter]
[Applause]
nice little baby man we used to have the
dumbest songs what did they mean growing
up Jimmy crack corn and I don't care you
don't care why'd you write the stupid
song pretty sure Jimmy cores that do you
go out about his cracking corn job
you're not helping anything now Jimmy
corn was on crack
you'd probably care that you'd probably
care a lot about I don't think I Old
MacDonald had a farm eieio Old MacDonald
was dyslexic kawaii
donal only had one of everything here no
said he had a cow he sounds like an
underachiever to me
I think Old MacDonald was on crack I
really do but I don't care the worst one
was pop goes the weasel who wrote that
book goes a weasel
Bobo goes I pop it you know is some guy
in the England about two hundred years
ago in some pub all right okay get a pen
is over right right right is there all
around the cobbler's bench the monkey
chased the weasel the monkey thought
Oh chose me write down don't be a hit in
America they love it they're putting a
box of the crank in the comb pops out
scares children they'll buy a million
other
[Applause]
is it otherwise this one down Jenny crap
cold I'll figure it out